README.md, before:

# ChromaCache
## CUHacking 2019 Submission

A Bootstrap website with a Node.JS back-end, utilizing Google Cloud Platform's Vision API to enable users to search keywords and be given a color palette made up of the most common colors found in images matching that keyword on Google Images.

See us at [ChromaCache](www.chromacache.com)!

**Dependencies:**

- Node.JS
- MongoDB

**Node Dependencies:**

- @google-cloud/vision
- body-parser
- express
- mongoose
- node-fetch

**To-Do:**
- [ ] Update README.md
- [x] Implement Google Images web scraping
- [x] Create a image scraping library
- [x] Create a colour palette database
- [x] Implement libraries and database
- [x] Create a frequency handler in database
- [x] Create color harmonies generator
- [ ] Implement palette choice
- [ ] Implement HTTPS into Express web server
- [ ] Write about page
- [x] Create frequently searched (google) palettes
- [ ] Create RGB/HEX search page
- [ ] create database for RGB/HEX page

 Created **James Triantafylos (@JTriantafylos)** & **Eyas Valdez (@SpiltBeans)**.

Commit message:

Postdata has been completed!
Loading the harmonies and most frequently searched list has been completed. All that is left to be done is to redo the html design so that the palettes fit, relook the harmonies calculations and make a resizable web page

README.md, after:

# ChromaCache
## CUHacking 2019 Submission

A Bootstrap website with a Node.JS back-end, utilizing Google Cloud Platform's Vision API to enable users to search keywords and be given a color palette made up of the most common colors found in images matching that keyword on Google Images.

See us at [ChromaCache](www.chromacache.com)!

**Dependencies:**

- Node.JS
- MongoDB

**Node Dependencies:**

- @google-cloud/vision
- body-parser
- express
- mongoose
- node-fetch

**To-Do:**
- [ ] Update README.md
- [x] Implement Google Images web scraping
- [x] Create a image scraping library
- [x] Create a colour palette database
- [x] Implement libraries and database
- [x] Create a frequency handler in database
- [x] Create color harmonies generator
- [ ] Implement palette choice
- [ ] Implement HTTPS into Express web server
- [ ] Write about page
- [x] Create frequently searched (google) palettes
- [ ] Create RGB/HEX search page
- [ ] Create database for RGB/HEX page
- [ ] Check calculations used for harmonies
- [ ] Update HTML

 Created **James Triantafylos (@JTriantafylos)** & **Eyas Valdez (@SpiltBeans)**.
